it happened in 1974 the biggest thing in
movies since movies began it brought
people together for sheer entertainment
but now hang on to your hats
Here Come Fred Astaire and Gene Kelly to
bring you the greatest entertainment
since that's entertainment
that's entertainment part to the show
but there's always someone who wants to
know why
Avenue
the photographer's will snap on and you
find that you're in
Judy Garland Leslie Caron Greta Garbo
Doris Day's Bob Taylor Jack Buchanan
Tony Martin Maurice Chevalier de Crosby
Mickey Rooney elder pollen at the brain
that said certainement Clark Gable
Melvyn Douglas Bob Montgomery John
Barrymore Hermione Gingold Esther
Williams Frank Sinatra Dinah Shore
Franchione Greer Garson Katharine
Hepburn Spencer Tracy Roddy McDowall
Merlot and William
more
for install the world is the sage the
stage is a world of entertain
it's the greatest entertainment since
that's entertainment
MGM's That's Entertainment part 2 you
ain't seen nothing yet